feat: Add `gasLimitNoBuffer` to `transactionMeta` (#5113)
MetaMask/core: packages/transaction-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Add `gasLimitNoBuffer` property to `TransactionMeta` type ([#5113](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/5113))

>   - `gasLimitNoBuffer` is the estimated gas (via `eth_estimateGas`) for the transaction without buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `gasLimitNoBuffer` is the estimated gas for the transaction without any buffer applied.
```
